README.md, before:




<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/FellouAI/eko" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/55dbdd6c-2b08-4e5f-a841-8fea7c2a0b92" alt="eko-logo" width="200" height="200">
  </a>
  <br>
  <small>Eko - Build Production-ready Agentic Workflow with Natural Language</small>
</h1>



[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE) [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-brightgreen.svg)](https://example.com/build-status) [![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/FellouAI/eko?color=yellow)](https://eko.fellou.ai/docs/release/versions/)

Eko (pronounced like ‘echo’) is a production-ready JavaScript framework that enables developers to create reliable agents, **from simple commands to complex workflows**. It provides a unified interface for running agents in both **computer and browser environments**.

## Framework Comparison

| Feature                              | Eko   | Langchain  | Browser-use  | Dify.ai  | Coze   |
|--------------------------------------|-------|------------|--------------|----------|--------|
| **Supported Platform**               | **All platform**  | Server side  | Browser  | Web  | Web  |
| **One sentence to multi-step workflow** | ✅    | ❌          | ✅            | ❌        | ❌      |
| **Intervenability**                  | ✅    | ✅          | ❌            | ❌        | ❌      | 
| **Development Efficiency**           | **High**  | Low      | Middle        | Middle    | Low    | 
| **Task Complexity**           | **High**  | High      | Low        | Middle    | Middle    | Middle       |
| **Open-source**                      | ✅    | ✅          | ✅            | ✅        | ❌      |
| **Access to private web resources** | ✅ | ❌          | ❌            | ❌        | ❌      |

## Features

- [x] Pure JavaScript: Built for browsers and Node.js.🚀
- [x] Multi-Agent: Unleash power with multiple Agents in one task.📈
- [x] Agent/Tool Flexibility: Customize new Agents and Tools in just one line.🎉
- [x] Native MCP: Connects seamlessly with [Awesome MCP Servers](https://mcpservers.org/).🔗
- [x] Dynamic LLM: Balance speed and performance with flexible model choices.⚙️
- [x] Human-in-the-loop: Intervene when it matters most.🤝
- [x] Stream Planning: Dynamic rendering made easy.🎨
- [x] Loop & Listener Tasks: Automate any repetitive task.🤖
- [ ] Observable Chain: *Coming soon*
- [ ] Native A2A: *Coming soon*

## Quickstart

> Note: Please refer to the [Eko Quickstart guide](https://eko.fellou.ai/docs/getting-started/quickstart/) guide for full instructions on how to run it.

```typescript
// quickstart.ts
const llms: LLMs = {
  default: {
    provider: "anthropic",
    model: "claude-3-5-sonnet-20241022",
    apiKey: claudeApiKey || "your-api-key",
    config: { baseURL: claudeBaseURL },
  },
  openai: {
    provider: "openai",
    model: "gpt-4o-mini",
    apiKey: openaiApiKey || "your-api-key",
    config: { baseURL: openaiBaseURL },
  },
};
let agents: Agent[] = [new ChatAgent(), new BrowserAgent()];
let eko = new Eko({ llms, agents });
let result = await eko.run("Search for the latest news about Musk");
```

```bash
npm install @eko-ai/eko
npx ts-node quickstart.ts
```

## Demos

**Prompt:** `Collect the latest NASDAQ data on Yahoo Finance, including price changes, market capitalization, trading volume of major stocks, analyze the data and generate visualization reports`.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4087b370-8eb8-4346-a549-c4ce4d1efec3

Click [here](https://github.com/FellouAI/eko-demos/tree/main/browser-extension-stock) to get the source code.

---

**Prompt:** `Based on the README of FellouAI/eko on github, search for competitors, highlight the key contributions of Eko, write a blog post advertising Eko, and post it on Write.as.`

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6feaea86-2fb9-4e5c-b510-479c2473d810

Click [here](https://github.com/FellouAI/eko-demos/tree/main/browser-extension-blog) to get the source code.

---

**Prompt:** `Clean up all files in the current directory larger than 1MB`

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ef7feb58-3ddd-4296-a1de-bb8b6c66e48b

Click [here](https://eko.fellou.ai/docs/computeruse/computer-node/#example-file-cleanup-workflow) to Learn more.

---

**Prompt:** Automatic software testing
```
    Current login page automation test:
    1. Correct account and password are: admin / 666666 
    2. Please randomly combine usernames and passwords for testing to verify if login validation works properly, such as: username cannot be empty, password cannot be empty, incorrect username, incorrect password
    3. Finally, try to login with the correct account and password to verify if login is successful
    4. Generate test report and export
```

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7716300a-c51d-41f1-8d4f-e3f593c1b6d5


Click [here](https://eko.fellou.ai/docs/browseruse/browser-web#example-login-automation-testing) to Learn more.

## Use Cases

- Browser automation and web scraping
- System file and process management
- Workflow automation
- Data processing and organization
- GUI automation
- Multi-step task orchestration

## Documentation

Visit our [documentation site](https://eko.fellou.ai/docs) for:

- Getting started guide
- API reference
- Usage examples
- Best practices
- Configuration options

## Development Environments

Eko can be used in multiple environments:

- Browser Extension
- Web Applications
- Node.js Applications

## Community and Support

- Report issues on [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/FellouAI/eko/issues)
- Join our [slack community discussions](https://join.slack.com/t/eko-ai/shared_invite/zt-2xhvkudv9-nHvD1g8Smp227sM51x_Meg)
- Join our [Discard](https://discord.gg/XpFfk2e5):
![](discard.png)
- Contribute tools and improvements
- Share your use cases and feedback

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/FellouAI/eko" target="_blank">
    <img width="663" alt="Screenshot 2025-02-05 at 10 49 58" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02df5b97-41c0-423f-84d8-2fee2364c36b" />
  </a>
</h1>

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=FellouAI/eko&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#FellouAI/eko&Date)

## License

Eko is released under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

docs(README): add Security Warning

README.md, after:




<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/FellouAI/eko" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/55dbdd6c-2b08-4e5f-a841-8fea7c2a0b92" alt="eko-logo" width="200" height="200">
  </a>
  <br>
  <small>Eko - Build Production-ready Agentic Workflow with Natural Language</small>
</h1>



[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE) [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-brightgreen.svg)](https://example.com/build-status) [![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/FellouAI/eko?color=yellow)](https://eko.fellou.ai/docs/release/versions/)

Eko (pronounced like ‘echo’) is a production-ready JavaScript framework that enables developers to create reliable agents, **from simple commands to complex workflows**. It provides a unified interface for running agents in both **computer and browser environments**.

## Framework Comparison

| Feature                              | Eko   | Langchain  | Browser-use  | Dify.ai  | Coze   |
|--------------------------------------|-------|------------|--------------|----------|--------|
| **Supported Platform**               | **All platform**  | Server side  | Browser  | Web  | Web  |
| **One sentence to multi-step workflow** | ✅    | ❌          | ✅            | ❌        | ❌      |
| **Intervenability**                  | ✅    | ✅          | ❌            | ❌        | ❌      | 
| **Development Efficiency**           | **High**  | Low      | Middle        | Middle    | Low    | 
| **Task Complexity**           | **High**  | High      | Low        | Middle    | Middle    | Middle       |
| **Open-source**                      | ✅    | ✅          | ✅            | ✅        | ❌      |
| **Access to private web resources** | ✅ | ❌          | ❌            | ❌        | ❌      |

## Features

- [x] Pure JavaScript: Built for browsers and Node.js.🚀
- [x] Multi-Agent: Unleash power with multiple Agents in one task.📈
- [x] Agent/Tool Flexibility: Customize new Agents and Tools in just one line.🎉
- [x] Native MCP: Connects seamlessly with [Awesome MCP Servers](https://mcpservers.org/).🔗
- [x] Dynamic LLM: Balance speed and performance with flexible model choices.⚙️
- [x] Human-in-the-loop: Intervene when it matters most.🤝
- [x] Stream Planning: Dynamic rendering made easy.🎨
- [x] Loop & Listener Tasks: Automate any repetitive task.🤖
- [ ] Observable Chain: *Coming soon*
- [ ] Native A2A: *Coming soon*

## Quickstart

> **Note**: Please refer to the [Eko Quickstart guide](https://eko.fellou.ai/docs/getting-started/quickstart/) guide for full instructions on how to run it.

> **Security Warning**
> 
> DO NOT use API Keys in browser/frontend code!
>
> This will expose your credentials and may lead to unauthorized usage.
>
> Best Practices: Configure backend API proxy request through baseURL and request headers.
>
> Please refer to the link: https://eko.fellou.ai/docs/getting-started/configuration#web-environment

```typescript
// quickstart.ts
const llms: LLMs = {
  default: {
    provider: "anthropic",
    model: "claude-3-5-sonnet-20241022",
    apiKey: claudeApiKey || "your-api-key",
    config: { baseURL: claudeBaseURL },
  },
  openai: {
    provider: "openai",
    model: "gpt-4o-mini",
    apiKey: openaiApiKey || "your-api-key",
    config: { baseURL: openaiBaseURL },
  },
};
let agents: Agent[] = [new ChatAgent(), new BrowserAgent()];
let eko = new Eko({ llms, agents });
let result = await eko.run("Search for the latest news about Musk");
```

```bash
npm install @eko-ai/eko
npx ts-node quickstart.ts
```

## Demos

**Prompt:** `Collect the latest NASDAQ data on Yahoo Finance, including price changes, market capitalization, trading volume of major stocks, analyze the data and generate visualization reports`.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4087b370-8eb8-4346-a549-c4ce4d1efec3

Click [here](https://github.com/FellouAI/eko-demos/tree/main/browser-extension-stock) to get the source code.

---

**Prompt:** `Based on the README of FellouAI/eko on github, search for competitors, highlight the key contributions of Eko, write a blog post advertising Eko, and post it on Write.as.`

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6feaea86-2fb9-4e5c-b510-479c2473d810

Click [here](https://github.com/FellouAI/eko-demos/tree/main/browser-extension-blog) to get the source code.

---

**Prompt:** `Clean up all files in the current directory larger than 1MB`

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ef7feb58-3ddd-4296-a1de-bb8b6c66e48b

Click [here](https://eko.fellou.ai/docs/computeruse/computer-node/#example-file-cleanup-workflow) to Learn more.

---

**Prompt:** Automatic software testing
```
    Current login page automation test:
    1. Correct account and password are: admin / 666666 
    2. Please randomly combine usernames and passwords for testing to verify if login validation works properly, such as: username cannot be empty, password cannot be empty, incorrect username, incorrect password
    3. Finally, try to login with the correct account and password to verify if login is successful
    4. Generate test report and export
```

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7716300a-c51d-41f1-8d4f-e3f593c1b6d5


Click [here](https://eko.fellou.ai/docs/browseruse/browser-web#example-login-automation-testing) to Learn more.

## Use Cases

- Browser automation and web scraping
- System file and process management
- Workflow automation
- Data processing and organization
- GUI automation
- Multi-step task orchestration

## Documentation

Visit our [documentation site](https://eko.fellou.ai/docs) for:

- Getting started guide
- API reference
- Usage examples
- Best practices
- Configuration options

## Development Environments

Eko can be used in multiple environments:

- Browser Extension
- Web Applications
- Node.js Applications

## Community and Support

- Report issues on [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/FellouAI/eko/issues)
- Join our [slack community discussions](https://join.slack.com/t/eko-ai/shared_invite/zt-2xhvkudv9-nHvD1g8Smp227sM51x_Meg)
- Join our [Discard](https://discord.gg/XpFfk2e5):
![](discard.png)
- Contribute tools and improvements
- Share your use cases and feedback

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/FellouAI/eko" target="_blank">
    <img width="663" alt="Screenshot 2025-02-05 at 10 49 58" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02df5b97-41c0-423f-84d8-2fee2364c36b" />
  </a>
</h1>

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=FellouAI/eko&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#FellouAI/eko&Date)

## License

Eko is released under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
